*StreamSis*
===========
*Streamer's little helper*

What is it and what does it do
------------------------------
No explicit explanation here.  
*Recently I decided to fill up my GitHub profile and from now on I want my future commits to be publicly trackable.  
Still now I want any public attention to be less as possible.*  
But if you are a programmer, I'm sure you can figure it out. =)  

Not ready for release
---------------------
Currently StreamSis is unusable for the end user.  
GUI is under active development and few must-have things are not yet implemented.  
- StreamSis runs on:
  - Windows: Yes
  - Linux: Not yet tested
  - Mac: Not yet tested

Not ready for accepting contributions
-------------------------------------
Currently StreamSis project is not accepting contributions.  
Contribution guidelines, final code style and CLA (Contributor license agreement) are still undefined.  

Working with the code
---------------------
Dear developer, before you start, please make sure you have these things:
- Any IDE that supports Java 8 and Maven. For example:
  - Netbeans
  - IntelliJ IDEA
  - Eclipse with m2e plugin (my choice, fully supports Java 8 starting from version "Luna")
- Java SE Development Kit 8 (JDK 8). Any version above **8u60**.
  - Download and install it from the official site if you don't have it.
- Maven (3.x+). It's a build automation tool for Java. It automatically downloads depencencies for StreamSis, assembles StreamSis and does some other nice things.
  - Download and install it from the official site if you don't have it. Please follow the **installation instructions**: https://maven.apache.org/install.html
- StreamSis source code repository. 
  - Download and unpack it somewhere on your computer. Or ```git clone``` it from the link using a program called Git.
- Basic knowledge for working with Maven.
  - Download and unpack it in your head. Here's the nice link: https://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/index.html
  - I really recommend you to take some time and get to know Maven. Maven is used in many Java projects, because it's so convenient.

Alright. Then, to be able to run and debug StreamSis from IDE:
- Execute the command ```mvn clean install``` in StreamSis repository directory to check if it assembles.
  - If you haven't executed this command before, Maven will start downloading plugins for himself and libraries for StreamSis. **It might take some time.** 
  - Successful execution should create ```target/assembled``` subdirectory with a runnable JAR file.
- **Import** the StreamSis repository directory **as Maven project** into your favorite IDE that supports Java 8 and Maven. 
  - If you are using Eclipse IDE with m2e plugin for the first time, it will start to build cache intended to speed up searching Maven Artifacts. This cache will consume **1-3 GB of disk space** in your home directory. So be prepared. =)
- Ensure that your IDE is using Java Development Kit from above for the StreamSis project.
- Try to run the main class "com.ubershy.streamsis.StreamSis.java" from your IDE.
- And if it runs from IDE... Congratulations, you can start working with the code.

Assembling StreamSis Quickly (without IDE)
----------------------------------------------
Maven and JDK 8 are required.  
Execute ```build.bat``` or ```build.sh``` in the StreamSis repository directory.  
After that, if everything went smooth, you can find the assembled StreamSis JAR file and its dependencies in ```target/assembled``` subdirectory.

Installing StreamSis
--------------------
You can put the assembled StreamSis (contents of ```target/assembled``` subdirectory, which can be generated by using the instructions above) to any segregated place on your system, StreamSis will be able to run.

License
-------
StreamSis can be redistributed and/or modified under the terms of the GNU GPLv3 license, see the file ```LICENSE.txt```.  
Some of StreamSis's source files have more permissive licenses defined in their headers, so they can be used on their own terms outside the program. *For now there are no such source files, but they may be added in future.*
